hey there I'm Greg and I'm Billy
together with the Fuji guy yeah and
today with Billy we're gonna unbox the
brand-new s 1,800 digital camera from
Fuji this is a fantastic affordable long
zoom camera it's a follow up to our very
very popular model called the s 1500 and
that Billy wants you to open that box
and take us through what it comes with
okay well you might find and use your
first is that it's in the white box and
that's because this is actually a
special white box from Japan we get this
before it comes out to retail so of
course once you guys buy it it's gonna
have all the proper look of a retail box
okay so we just want to get this camera
right away to you and have that quick
first look so I'm gonna open this box
right now and of course with any camera
purchase you will have the warranty card
the CD and also the manual side opening
in the Box the camel comes with some
double-a batteries for double-a
batteries it comes with a strap video
cable USB cables to download and we
always recommend possibly getting a card
reader and most computers nowadays have
a built-in comes with a little lens cap
protector and also those connected and
attached action camera and of course the
S 1800 channel which is again the
replacement of the s 1500 barely know
you mentioned the S 15 header which we
we sold I can't tell how many we sold
but it was the most popular long zoom
camera in Canada what are the
improvements or what are the changes
that we've made on the S 1800 compared
to that 1500 biggest improvement on this
camera really is the zoom range on it it
now is an 18 times zoom cameras is a 12
time zoom and it gives you very very
long distance you have the HD video
recording now on the camera as well so
we caught 720p video which is awesome to
have and you can zoom during the video
and
you know really more megapixels so
instead of being the last 10 negative so
it's a 12 megapixel camera now so those
are top three key upgrades from the S 15
huh
yeah there's a few other things there
but when we go through the next video
which is going to be the first look and
then we're going to have another video
on this camera called the advanced
features will tell you more about some
of those improvements and upgrades until
then I'm Greg hang out billing together
with the Fuji guys you guys